welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to look at the forbidden to
film the Hunts if you get enjoyment at
doing things you were told not to please
don't subscribe to the channel let's get
to it we open on a group text aware and
the participants make vague references
to a hunt that takes place at a Manor we
then cut to a private jet where a
pretentious [ __ ] has his champagne order
interrupted by a burly man who stumbles
into the cabin bewildered luckily
there's a doctor on board who attempts
to calm him with a simple medical
procedure but this bull moose ain't
going down without a fight
so he's administered one and put back in
the pen with the rest of them cut again
now to a wooded area where our flight
passengers wake up disoriented and
gagged they wander from different
directions into a clearing where they
find a loot crate and observe from a
safe distance
while one of the more reckless of their
rank pops it open he rules a Yahtzee in
the form of an elaborate gun cache but
they barely have time to unlock their
headgear and pair off an order of
attractiveness before shots start
popping off all around them
oh so Billy badass is on his own now
looking for a suitable replacement
partner and he finds a sharp one true
but after going through the effort of
helping her he puts her right back in
the hole a small group then finds a
fence and a road popping it as they get
peppered with arrows and hoping to
follow the road to civilization but
they're told they're just in Arkansas
the new leader seems to understand
what's going on as an event called Manor
gate he attempts to call for help but
the situation the station quickly takes
a somewhat negative tone the pretend
proprietors quickly clean up and prepare
for an unarmed straggler that is
announced to them via the radio crystal
our actual protagonist gives them the
doe eyes long enough to verify their
complicity in the ruse and then gives no
quarter in her retaliation outside she
finds evidence that they're not in
Arkansas and that all aspects of her
surroundings are contrivances when a
drone is taken down nearby their captors
decide to go radio silent as she
undergoes a trust exercise to forge a
lifelong bond of friendship between
herself and her new awkward survivalist
partner here Gary shares a bit more
about Manor Gate a conspiracy theory
about liberal elite deep Staters
snatching up red-blooded conservative
Americans to hunt them down like dogs if
you've ever hunted dogs and I don't know
why you would but I do understand it to
be similar in tone Krystal however is
more focused on the nut
than the indignation of the political
implications of their situation to that
and they're able to hop into the Boxcar
of a passing train and they end up in
the one car that happens to be
chock-full of immigrants and this
doesn't pass Gary's all smell test but
they're stopped before he solves a
mystery old Gare hops out and tries to
tell the foreign soldiers about crisis
actors when one of the refugees pulls
back the curtain he claims he's the only
fake in that the train wasn't supposed
to be stopped
so he recommends playing it cool as
they're in real danger
gary takes this not so great and decides
to pull the classic trouser pop prank on
him turning him into a fine red mist
crystal finds herself an interrogation
and sorts out that they're in Croatia
somewhere she wants to go to the US
Embassy which isn't easy without papers
however if she admits to being part of
the hunt then she'll have corroboration
from Dawn's independent witness accounts
so the consulate scoops them up and
tells them basically everything they
want to hear we're gonna find these
animals recognizing this is too good to
be true
Christel calmly and adeptly handles the
situation without mercy or remorse and
luckily has her suspicions confirmed ex
post facto by nightfall we see only the
hippest of hipsters and their combat
consultant are left hanging out in the
pillbox Richard is the first to step out
to take a leak but only in sub leaking
from his throat then they pop off some
bangers putting the occupants at full
alert which might almost be enough to
give them an advantage if only Krystal
wasn't so so persistent and stylish in
equal measure afterward the leader
Athena radios in expressing familiarity
with Don and turning this into a game of
mafia but as we know Krystal don't play
games she then has a sit-down with the
consultant a fellow service person and
confirms her brain is buzzing and this
experience gives her a unique
opportunity to placate the buzz she then
compels him to tell her Athena's
location which he does we then take a
brief sojourn to one year prior a friend
of Athena was hacked and sensitive
material was made public among the
material was their text threat which was
a joke but started the manner gate
conspiracy in the fallout all of the
participants were required to give up
their jobs and retreat to the shadows in
the hope that any business impacts to
their respective associations from their
poor choices would be minimized having
what was most important taken from her
Athena vows to make me intergate real
and they use their newfound free time to
pick the worst of the conspiracy theory
proliferators as
their future victims back to now Athena
uses the threat of setting off a c4
charge to get crystal to enter the
estate unarmed inside the Athena is
making a picturesque Briere grilled
cheese as she recounts crystals life to
her up to the point where she posts
about Manor gate in a forum which was an
unsubstantiated lie except for that
they're living it now but only as a
result of the damage wrought by the
original conspiracy but for which they
wouldn't have done Manor gate because
they couldn't ever unless push to it be
a deceit so then it takes on a certain
self-righteous irony you see crystal
reveals that there's actually a woman in
her town with the same name only
different by one letter in the spelling
of their middle names so they got the
wrong one she's gonna show her they have
a protracted battle that tests the
limits of their skills and also notably
uses a shotgun in a novel way and also
involves some nasty blade sharing who
grimy at death's door Athena asks her to
come clean about the mistaken identity
thing and crystal maintains her
innocence related to the forum post not
everything else Athena then expires and
crystal fuels up and walks it off just
kidding after sealing herself off she
utilizes the resources available to her
and takes the private jet home endearing
herself to the crew by treating them
like actual human beings honestly this
was a fun drop and I don't really see
the controversy outside of the
sensitivity toward releasing it right
after an instance of mass gun violence
they really toed the line by making the
theme of the movie about the inanity of
hyper-partisan thinking every character
ends up looking like a fool other than
the main character who rises above by
just focusing on meeting out justice
against those who are actively trying to
kill her if you enjoy the video I'd love
for you to become a part of the channel
by subscribing thanks for watching